[Basic.Scope] Add Scope section to Basic clause (#63)
hlsl-tc57/tc57: spec/basic.tex

\Sec{Scope}{Basic.Scope}

> \p A \textit{valid} name is a name that may be used unqualified to refer to a

Reviewer: Does "unqualified" refer to the namespace or struct scope prefixes which would constitute qualifiers?

Author: I haven't written the name lookup section yet, but our name resolution rules should match C++ identically since I don't think we have any name-lookup specific changes in DXC.

A name that is used `unqualified` would be a name without a prefixing scope specifier (i.e. a namespace name, type name, or `::`).

specific entity.

\p The \textit{declarative region} of a declaration is the largest part of a
program in which the name is valid.

\p The \textit{scope} of a name is the possibly discontiguous region of a
program in which the name may be used as an unqualified name to refer to the

> same entity. The scope of a declaration is the same as its declarative region,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same entity. The scope of a declaration is the same as its declarative region
```

unless another declaration of the same name exists within that region, in which
case the declarative region of the inner declaration is excluded from the outer
declaration's scope.

\p Names declared by a declaration are introduced into the scope in which the
declaration occurs except for members of \textit{cbuffer-declarations}
(\ref{Decl.cbuffer}), and \textit{using-declarations} (\ref{Decl.Using}) which
do not follow this general behavior.

\p Within a declarative region, if multiple declarations introduce the same name
either all the declarations shall refer to the same entity, or all refer to
functions or function templates; or one declaration shall declare a class or
enumeration name, and the other declarations shall refer to the same entity, or
all refer to functions or function templates, hiding the class or enumeration

> name.

Reviewer: This is quite the complicated sentence. How many possibilities are we talking about here? By my count:
1. All declarations refer to the same entity (lacking externs, I'm not sure how this would happen for something not a function, class, or enum)
2. All refer to functions or function templates (duplicate function declarations)
3. One declares a class or enum and all others refer to a class or enumeration name and the other declarations refer to that same entity (duplicate class/enum declarations)
4. One declares a class or enum and all others refer to functions or function templates (A class or enum gets silently overridden by the declaration of a function)

I think it would be clearer to just enumerate what possibilities we have in a list

Reviewer: Happy with the new text

> \p Scopes nest within eachother. A \textit{containing scope}, is a scope that

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
\p Scopes nest within each other. A \textit{containing scope}, is a scope that
```
